#Smart OMS
This Project based on create-react-app(CRA) and Webpack v4.
This README.md should be wriiten in English only.

---

### What you need to do to understand this source
1. Basic
   - Es6 JS, css, html basic
   - Class in javascript and problem
   - What is immutability? And why need immutability?
2. React with Typescript
3. Presentational & Container component pattern
4. What is react-router?
5. Dynamic bundle import by React-Loadable
6. **Redux**
7. Ducks pattern for redux
8. Promise and redux-saga

---

### Project Directory structure
- **build/**
  - Run `npm run build`, all outputs are put here.
  - This directory is excluded from git repo.(See .gitignore)
- **config/**
  - Env. & Paths variable, development and proudction webpack config are put here
  - If you don't know about webpack, **don't touch this directory!**
- **public/**
  - When you do development & production build, the basic html files are here. 
- **scripts/**
  - When you run `npm run start` `npm run build` `npm run test`, those scripts files will be execute. They refer to their own scripts and webpack settings in the config directory.
- **src/**
  - **components/**
    - All unit of react components are put here. Components directory files made by presentational-continaer and ducks pattern. 
  - **lib/**
    - When you are using react libraries, you will need to wrap some libraries. The files generated by these additional wrapping sources are located in this directory.
  - **pages/**
    - The files putting here are shown to user.

- .prettierrc
  - This defines beautify settings. You can use beautify `alt+shift+f` in VsCode. It's very helpful, you should press hotkeys(`alt+shift+f`) after you've written all code.
- tsconfig.json ~ tslint.json